if you're using a mouse here are some
common actions you can use to get around
your device in windows 8.1 and windows
RT 8.1
move your mouse pointer to the upper
right corner of the screen and then down
to open the charms there's a charm for
searching sharing through email or
social networks going back to start
connecting to a device like a printer or
changing your settings you can also go
back to start by tapping the windows
logo key on your keyboard or by clicking
in the lower left corner if you're using
more than one app you can quickly go
back to the last one you were using by
pointing to the upper left corner of
your screen and clicking keep clicking
to see more apps to see a list of your
recent apps point to the upper left
corner and move the mouse pointer down
then click the app you want to use to
see the commands for a nap right click
anywhere in the app or to see the
commands for a specific item within the
app right click it if you want to close
an app drag the app to the bottom of the
screen you can also close an app from
the list of recent apps by
right-clicking an item and then clicking
clothes